Changelog for v46.13.0 (#1632)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode: packages/salesforcedx-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

# 46.13.0 - September 5, 2019

## Fixed

#### salesforcedx-vscode-apex

> - Fix syntax highlighting issue with String when clauses in Apex switch statements ([PR #1628](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/1628), [Issue #967](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/issues/967))

Reviewer: Based on the docs we might want to change this to `... String literals for when values in Apex Switch Statements` (https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.apexcode.meta/apexcode/langCon_apex_switch.htm)

> - Fix syntax highlighting issue with String when clauses in Apex switch statements ([PR #1628](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/1628), [Issue #967](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/issues/967))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix syntax highlighting issue with String literals for `when` values in Apex Switch Statements ([PR #1628](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/1628), [Issue #967](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/issues/967))
```

- Fix syntax highlighting for block comments without spaces ([PR #1628](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/1628), [Issue #921](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/issues/921))

- Fix syntax highlighting for namespace names in Apex classes ([PR #1628](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/1628))

#### salesforcedx-vscode-core

> - Prevent `SFDX: Diff File Against Org` command from appearing when a non-SFDX project is opened ([PR #1608](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/1608), [Issue #1600](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/issues/1600))

Reviewer 2: @brpowell , could we rephrase this as:
Fix `SFDX: Diff File Against Org` to appear in the Command Palette only when opening SFDX projects
Or it could be:
Prevent `SFDX: Diff File Against Org` from appearing in the Command Palette when opening non-SFDX projects.

> - Prevent 'SFDX: Diff File Against Org' command from appearing when a non-sfdx project is opened ([PR #1608](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/1608), [Issue #1600](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/issues/1600))

Reviewer: The command name needs to use the apostrophe character instead of single quotes so it gets styled differently.

> - Prevent 'SFDX: Diff File Against Org' command from appearing when a non-sfdx project is opened ([PR #1608](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/1608), [Issue #1600](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/issues/1600))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevent `SFDX: Diff File Against Org` command from appearing when a non-SFDX project is opened ([PR #1608](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/1608), [Issue #1600](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/issues/1600))
```

- Update documentation link when guiding user to fix Java configuration ([PR #1602](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/1602))

## Added

#### docs

> - Add documentation for setting up Windows PATH variable to use the Salesforce CLI ([PR #1621](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/1621))

Reviewer: Can we add the name of the new section and link to it ?

> - Add documentation for setting up Windows PATH variable to use the Salesforce CLI ([PR #1621](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/1621))

Author: ```suggestion
- Add documentation for setting up Windows PATH variable under [Set Salesforce CLI Path (Windows)](https://forcedotcom.github.io/salesforcedx-vscode/articles/troubleshooting#set-salesforce-cli-path-windows)([PR #1621](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/1621))
```
